[CQA] Fix feature-centric abstracts in Provisioning Hosts (#4958)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_resources-for-network-based-provisioning.adoc

= Resources for network-based provisioning

[role="_abstract"]

> You must set up and configure networking resources to create a host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must set up and configure networking resources to provision hosts over a network.
```
